I had you I said you Copsey I called you
back showed you what was what she was
capable of even that life you thought
you have that was something I dreamed up
and I tattooed inside your head
they offered you this city
you
and you refused it
and what did you do instead
but I've come to expect of you you saved
them who gave them the one thing that
was stolen from them a chance a chance
to learn to find love
to live
and since the end what was your reward
you never said but I think I know a
family
they offered you everything yes and in
return you gave them what I have come to
expect of you
brutality
you took what you wanted all they Adam
all the power
on the rapture trembled but in the end
even mature was not enough for you your
father was terrified the world would try
to steal the secrets of his city but not
you
the terrible secrets of the world
they offered you everything yes
and in return you gave them what you
always did brutality
you took what you wanted all the atom
all the power and the rapture trembled
but in the end even rapture was not
enough for you your father was terrified
that the world would try to steal the
secrets of his city
for you now have stolen the terrible
secrets of the world
you